feat: Organization VPCs and org VPC peering (#579)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/platform/howto/manage-org-vpc-peering-google.md

import AcceptPeeringGoogle from "@site/static/includes/vpc/accept-peering-google.md"
import DeleteOrgPeering from "@site/static/includes/vpc/delete-org-peering.md";
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

Set up a peering connection between your Aiven organization VPC and a Google Cloud VPC.

Establishing a peering connection between an Aiven VPC and a Google Cloud VPC requires
creating the peering both from the VPC in Aiven and from the VPC in Google Cloud.

## Prerequisites

- [Manage organization networking](/docs/platform/concepts/permissions#organization-permissions)
  permissions
- Two VPCs to be peered: an
  [organization VPC](/docs/platform/howto/manage-organization-vpc#create-an-organization-vpc)
  in Aiven and a VPC in your Google Cloud account
- Access to the [Google Cloud console](https://console.cloud.google.com/)
- One of the following tools for operations on the Aiven Platform:
  - [Aiven Console](https://console.aiven.io/)
    <!-- [Aiven CLI](/docs/tools/cli) -->
  - [Aiven API](/docs/tools/api)
  - [Aiven Provider for Terraform](/docs/tools/terraform)

## Create a peering connection

### Collect data from Google Cloud

> To [create a peering in Aiven](/docs/platform/howto/manage-org-vpc-peering-google#create-the-peering-in-aiven),
> first collect required data from Google Cloud:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To [create a peering connection in Aiven](/docs/platform/howto/manage-org-vpc-peering-google#create-the-peering-in-aiven),
first collect the required data from Google Cloud:
```

  --header 'Authorization: Bearer BEARER_TOKEN' \
  --header 'content-type: application/json' \
  --data '
    {
      "peer_cloud_account":"GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT_ID",
      "peer_vpc":"GOOGLE_CLOUD_VPC_NETWORK_NAME"
    }
  '
```

Replace the following placeholders with meaningful data:

- `ORGANIZATION_ID`
- `ORGANIZATION_VPC_ID`
- `BEARER_TOKEN`
- `GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT_ID`
- `GOOGLE_CLOUD_VPC_NETWORK_NAME`

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="tf" label="Aiven Provider for Terraform">
Use the
[aiven_gcp_organization_vpc_peering_connection](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aiven/aiven/latest/docs/resources/gcp_organization_vpc_peering_connection)
resource.
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Create the peering in Google Cloud

Use the
[data collected in the Aiven Console](/docs/platform/howto/manage-org-vpc-peering-google#create-the-peering-in-aiven)
to create the VPC peering connection in Google Cloud:

<AcceptPeeringGoogle/>

## Set up multiple organization VPC peerings

To peer multiple Google Cloud VPC networks to your Aiven-managed organization VPC,
[add peering connections](/docs/platform/howto/manage-org-vpc-peering-google#create-a-peering-connection)

> one by one in the [Aiven Console](https://console.aiven.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one at a time in the [Aiven Console](https://console.aiven.io).
```
How about something like this for natural phrasing?
